Miramax is starting production this
does it say who's playing us in the
movie I'm sure it'll be bad a fleck and
Matt
Jay and Silent Bob are here Jay and
Silent Bob movie there's a movie being
made u2 or the basis for what and these
two guys from Jersey are on a mission we
gotta stop that stupid moves we get made
come on saw Bob going to Hollywood if
they can manage to get there how can we
can't get no runs cuz you're doing it
all wrong
hey all the hitches do it is it's the
first rule in the book you follow the
book - I live my life by it you live by
the book where you pick the Serbs in you
I gotta we keep our eye on the prize and
let nothing distract us
jeezum machine
you wanna feel like a dream
[Music]
my friends and I are on a road trip your
friends huh ready yet
what watch the language little boy
there's females present no Miss
Hollywood ready for Jay and Silent Bob
Hey
the real Jay and Silent Bob are breaking
into show business I hate how fake
Hollywood is
the hard way
we may very well be dealing with the two
most dangerous men on the planet fire
warning shot into his bulbous stand
there and react don't say anything
especially you alright people that's
pretty funny this is a good idea
lunchbox in his efforts with totally
incognito
hey they need you on the set another
white boy in this movie damn Wow Jay and
Silent Bob strike back then George Lucas
gonna sue somebody
[Music]